are you double jointed probably not
because there's no such thing we all
have the same bone structure but some
people are born a little bit more
flexible than others it's hilarious
because big guys get accused of being on
steroids and I get accused of being born
with a genetic disorder but I could
actually barely touch my toes in high
school and it took a while to get all
the way to here I wasn't born overly
flexible and I'm actually glad I wasn't
having a hypermobility disorder like EDS
usually comes with other symptoms and
issues like heart problems pots and
injuries take forever to heal not fun
the point is the only thing stopping you
from getting your splits is your
training it's not your genetics I made
it super easy and oh yeah free so pick
an ebook and get to it stay flexy